Muon Analysis results tab docs (#25818)
mantidproject/mantid: docs/source/interfaces/muon_results_tab.rst

.. _muon_results_tab-ref:

Results Table Tab
-----------------

.. image::  ../images/muon_interface_tab_results.png
   :align: right
   :height: 500px

The results table tab outputs the results from the fitting tab as well as the log values from selected runs into a
tableworkspace.

Log Values Selection
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> The log values selection area lists log values from the fitted run(s) that can be selected to be output into the results

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lists log values from the fitted run(s) that can be selected to be output into the results
```

table

**Search bar** The search bar can be used to find (Include) or filter out (Exclude) log values by name.

**Show Selected** If this option is checked the selection box will be limited to only the values that have already
been selected to be output.

**Selection Box** Log values are listed in this section, they can be selected individually by checking the boxes on the
right side of the box.

**Unselect/Select All** When clicked these buttons will automatically unselect or select all log values currently in the
selection box

Fit Selection
^^^^^^^^^^^^^
The Fit selection area lists outputs from the fitting tab filtered by fitting function, selected functions can be
outputted to the results table

**Fit function selection** This drop down menu filters the selection box by fit function. Only fits with the same

> function can be output together

Reviewer: ```suggestion
function can be output together.
```

**Search bar** The search bar can be used to find (Include) or filter out (Exclude) fit functions by name.

**Show Selected** If this option is checked the selection box will be limited to only the functions that have already
been selected to be output.

**Selection Box** fitting functions are listed in this section, they can be selected individually by checking the boxes
on the right side of the box.

**Unselect/Select All** When clicked these buttons will automatically unselect or select all functions currently in the
selection box

Output
^^^^^^

> **Table Name** The selected results will be output to a tableworkspace with the name given here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Table Name** The output tableworkspace's name is given here.
```
